Freshcaller (#43)
freshdesk/marketplace-sample-apps: Freshcaller/Freshdesk-app/README.md

## Freshdesk app for Freshcaller

> Freshdesk app for freshcaller fetches curreent caller's email ID and fetches all tickets from Freshdesk 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Freshdesk app for Freshcaller fetches current caller's email ID and fetches all the tickets from Freshdesk 
```
